Updated the docs for presenting channels (#1773)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/swiftui/components/helper-views.md

- `avatar`: the avatar of the channel.
- `onlineIndicatorShown`: whether the online indicator (about last active members) is shown on the avatar.
- `disabled`: whether the user interactions with the channel are disabled. You should use this value while the view is being swiped, in order to avoid clicking the channel list item instead.

> - `selectedChannel`: binding of the currently selected channel selection info (channel and optional message).

Reviewer: Maybe this is better like this? **selected channel selection info** sounds a bit weird and repetitive  🤔 
```suggestion
- `selectedChannel`: binding of the current channel selection info (channel and optional message).
```

> - `selectedChannel`: binding of the currently selected channel selection info (channel and optional message).

Reviewer: Shouldn't the property be renamed as well?
```suggestion
- `channelSelectionInfo`: binding of the currently selected channel selection info (channel and optional message).
```
